[docs] update prettier installation instructions (#28681)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/using-eslint.mdx

<Terminal
  cmd={[
    '# For other package managers',
    '$ npx expo install -- --save-dev prettier eslint-config-prettier eslint-plugin-prettier',
    '',
    '# For yarn only',
    '$ yarn add -D prettier eslint-config-prettier eslint-plugin-prettier',
  ]}
/>

### Setup

> To integrate with ESlint, update your `.eslintrc.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To integrate Prettier with ESlint, update your **.eslintrc.js**:
```

- Let's make [file name as bold text as per our writing style guide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#filenames-as-bold-text)

```js .eslintrc.js
module.exports = {
  extends: ["expo", "prettier"],
  plugins: ["prettier"],
  rules: {
    "prettier/prettier": "error",
  },
};
```

> Now when you running `npx expo lint`, anything not alighned with prettier formatting will be caught as an error. Side note: you may want to do `"prettier/prettier": "warn"` instead if you prefer these to be warnings instead of errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, when you run `npx expo lint`, anything that is not aligned with Prettier formatting will be caught as an error. 

> **Note:** In the above configuration, you can use `"prettier/prettier": "warn"` if you prefer these formatting issues as warnings instead of errors.
```

- Fix typos in the first line
- Improve verbiage for readability in the first line
- Let's make the side note a callout
